Codex position: single-column now; conjunctions later only under a new
predeclared campaign or a separate capability slice.

Short answer:
- For real research: single-first, unless the interaction itself is the
  pre-registered thesis and the search space is kept very small.
- For this declared pipeline test: keep the current single-column result and
  move to the manual demonstration child. Do not add/use multi-column
  conjunctions before the child.

1. Real research aiming at a profit claim

I would start single-column for this specific VWAP fade campaign.

Reasoning:
- The first question is diagnostic: does any one market dimension materially
  improve the fade? If no single dimension can get the rule above zero on 3573
  trades, a larger conjunction search is more likely to find a narrower
  least-bad pocket than a robust edge.
- Interactions are real, but they are also the main way a slicer draws shapes
  around noise. A conjunction should be tested when we can state the interaction
  thesis before seeing its result, such as "low trend AND low toxicity," not as
  a blanket expansion across every context pair/triple.
- A single-axis child is easier to validate live: the failure mode and economic
  story are legible. A 3- or 4-condition child can pass discovery math while
  being hard to trust operationally.

So for a profit claim: single-first for this campaign, then a new predeclared
campaign for a specific interaction if the single-column result or external
market reasoning justifies it.

2. This declared pipeline test

Keep it single-column and move to the child.

Reasoning:
- This run already produced the honest workflow-test output: no candidate, best
  rule is still negative. The downstream pipeline can be exercised with the
  labeled demonstration child exactly as Claude described.
- Adding conjunction support now would test slicer feature breadth, not the
  discover -> child -> validate workflow. It increases code surface before the
  current pipeline is completed.
- Repo rules favor finishing one explicit strategy path end to end before adding
  broader framework behavior. Conjunction support is useful, but it is not
  necessary to prove this workflow path.
- Using conjunctions on the same discovery data must not be allowed to revive a
  profit claim. Even as a pipeline test, it would blur the audit story: "we got
  no candidate, then expanded the search." That is the exact sequence the
  governance rules are trying to make visible.

My recommendation: do not build or run conjunction support before the
demonstration child. Finish the pipeline with the current single-column
no-candidate artifact.

3. If multi-column is added later, how to define and count it

I would define a conjunction rule as a canonical AND of concrete terms:

```text
rule_form = conjunction_threshold
terms = [
  (column, threshold_quantile, threshold_value, direction),
  ...
]
logical_operator = AND
```

Counting:
- Each unique ordered-by-column tuple of terms is one searched rule.
- The concrete rule identity is:
  `(rule_form, logical_operator, term_1, term_2, ..., term_n)`.
- Term order must be canonical, e.g. sorted by column name, so `A AND B` and
  `B AND A` are not double-counted.
- Duplicate quantile thresholds still remain nominal rules, same as the
  single-column policy, and are marked as coincident if masks are identical.
- Eligibility failures still count as searched rules.

Scope if/when implemented:
- Start with pairs only, not pairs+triples+quads.
- Predeclare a small set of economically motivated pairs, not all combinations.
  For example:
  - low ADX AND low VPIN
  - low VarRatio AND low VPIN
  - low EfficiencyRatio AND low VPIN
- Do not include both highly redundant members in pairs just because they exist.
- Keep the same max-stat permutation principle: for each permutation, rerun the
  full predeclared expanded search and store the maximum eligible score over
  every single and conjunction rule in that campaign's plan.

If the user explicitly wants a slicer capability test for conjunctions, I would
build it as a separate, reviewable capability slice with synthetic/unit tests
first, and only then decide whether to run it on a new predeclared campaign.

4. Does this change the demonstration child plan?

No.

The demonstration child should remain based on the already-run, already-labeled
workflow-test artifact:
- rule: `SignalADX <= q30`
- threshold: `19.26665446628932`
- label: negative expectancy / workflow test / not a discovered edge

Changing the child to a conjunction now would make the child depend on a search
we have not predeclared, implemented, reviewed, or honestly run. That would make
the demonstration less clean, not more useful.

Final recommendation:
- Proceed to the manual single-column demonstration child.
- Defer conjunction support until after this end-to-end pipeline is complete, or
  start a separate explicit conjunction-capability/campaign discussion.
